---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: U1 Basics Technical Blog 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-14
labels:
---
  At first I was super nervous to being doing the work out of the days. I have no previous knowledge in coding and doing it on my own was very intimidating for me. In order to calm my nerves, I made sure to take ample notes ahead of time and really try to understand the content I was reading. For me to do this it also helps for me to handwrite my notes on my ipad. Writing information down instead of just blindy typing has really helped me learn aspects of this class outside of the labs. 
  I then began my try at Browser History 1 without timing myself and going at a slower pace. To my surprise I had remembered all of the html tags necessary to do the assignment. I then had a little bit of technical difficulties setting up my recording and quicktime player and realized halfway through the next go that I needed to turn of my text notifications. After that was smooth sailing and I was able to do it in the Rx time slot and when comparing it with the example video I had done it right! It was more or less just tedious work copying and pasting all of those paragraphs. 
  After success with Browser History 1, I felt more than ready to take on Browser History 2. I used the same technique of not timing my first try and taking the pressure off of myself. However, I ran into some problems. For some reason my css file sheet (with the right coding as I had referred to the video after trying) was not working. My coding was good but the browser window was not working properly. After trial and error I realized my browser was chaching and not refreshing the new content. To fix this I now use an incognito chrome browser. The html and css were easy for me to recognize and figure out so I also did it in the Rx time.
  Lastly, I completed Browser History 3. I initally tried to do the columns and the navigation bar by myself and ran into problems. I could not quite figure out to do the columns and had problems making the navigation bar go into a horizontal line so after attempting I referred to the helpful video. After understanding the correct css it made a lot more sense to me and I was able to also finish easily in the Rx time slot. 
  These WODs ended up being very informational for me and really helped me learn css and html more. Before do the readings I had no clue what css was and doing it in practice helped me with those skills. I find it fun to be able to change and add to design to webpages. So overall it was a very good experience for me. 
