---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-28
labels:
---
The latest WOD I completed was Invoice 1 (for further details on what this WOD entails check out this link: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html). This was the first WOD in which an example was not given to refer back to if stuck. However, I appreciated how a lot of the WOD pertained to skills we had worked on during class. 

For this WOD I did a practice round without the pressure of timing myself first. This helped me get the hang of things and allowed for me to do research when I was unsure of the next step. Doing the research all on my own and not being able to rely on checking the vide definitely slowed me down. I also am not confident in my coding abilities so I was very nervous that I did parts wrong when I did not have the video to validate what I did on my own. 

In order to prepare for this WOD, I reviewed my past labs, WODS, and notes. This helped me refresh my mind on what I have already learned and helped me move faster throughout the WOD. In the past I had felt the WODs were easier and contained less content so I did not have to do this. But reviewing truly did help me in this WOD. 

In the next WOD, I also want to review before hand as I feel like that really helped me during this latest WOD. Additionally, I want to become more confident in my abilities to do it on my own and not need validation. Coding is truly a learning and new experience for me and figuring out there are more than one way to do things is important!
