---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-30
labels:
---

Assignment 2 allowed me to build a web application that was more user friendly and allowed for more user interaction. This included a login and registration page that were required to check out. For more details and specifics on the assignment go here: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/modules/Assignment2/

This assignment truly tested my capabilities and taught me many things. One thing it taught me to test my code every so often and it is really easy to make simple mistakes. It also taught me the importance of processing on the server. 

For this assignment like the first one, I also worked alone. This made it challenging at times as it was harder to find mistakes but I was proud of my work. 

Developing this assignment was different because you had to use client and server side processing. It was also nice to have my assingment 1 as a backbone to the assignment. 

The percent of time I spent on how to do something was probably around 35%, whereas right the code was 20% and the remaining 45% was spent testing and debugging. 

What worked well in this assignment was testing little bits at a time and using resources made available to me. What didn't work well was trying to do too much at once and not looking for the simple mistakes. 

If I had to do this assignment over again I would ask for help at double checking my code and for the smaller things earlier. I would also start writing little bits of the code from the beginning. 
