---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Checkpoint Assignment 3 Blog 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-02
labels:
---

Checkpoint A: My shopping cart will be featured on a page seperate from the shopping cart. This will also be a page the user can view and edit. As for examples of this page the several products page once submitted will link to the shopping cart. The shopping cart will also be personalized with the users information. Lastly the shopping cart page will also have a place to input credit card information and a button where the user can press that will send them an email version of their order (order confirmation). 

Checkpoint B: When the user adds the products to their cart this information will then be saved as a session. In particular it will be saved as a JSON object. 

Checkpoint C: To avoid access to my application when the user has not logged in, I will do server verification. The server will check cookies to verify if the user has an account or not. The security concern in this case would be that someone who does not have an account would get to the purchase page. In order to solve this I will write and if statement. Therefore if there is no account information on record they will not be able to get to the checkout page. 

Checkpoint D: In order to personalize the UI, I will have it set to where the user is welcomed by their first and last name. This will be done through code on the invoice page. The other personalization I will do is listing their email address on the order confirmation page so that they also know what email it will be sent to. 

Checkpoint E: I will be working by myself. 

Checkpoint F: I will be working in smaller parts for assignment 3 and testing each step as I go along. This is to not get myself confused and ensure I am not making simple mistakes. Lastly in Assignment 2 I directly copied my Assignment 1 and then made edits. For Assignment 3, I will carefully chose what parts from Assignment 2 I will be using but I will not use the whole thing. 
