---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-17
labels:
---

1. What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned?
This is one of my most proud of projects. I set out to start early and do bits as a time to accomplish all that I had planned for this site. I was able to use sessions to store info throughout the product pages while mantianing the cookies through and user's personalize info. Additionally, I was able to get the invoice working to where it was able to be edited by the user. I think these features are really important in real websites so it was cool to see my work actually acomplished. 

2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
One thing that was more difficult was having the approiate interface to the website and getting the free template to do everything I asked for. This made it a little out of order on some of the product pages but not really noticeable. 

3. What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed? 
In terms of security the biggest risk would be access but I was able to encrypt the sessions with a password which helped a lot. The biggest risk I took personally was changing the cart on the nav bar to reflect how many products are in the cart. I was able to do this using my sessions and cookie data and I felt it turned out great! 

4. What is your assesment of the overall quality of the system?
I am really proud of the work I did and what I was able to look up and inplement to make my store website work great. I think the quality is pretty good and that I definetly learned a lot throughout this semester. 

5. What is needed before this system can be placed into operation?
One thing that is needed before it can be placed into operation is more protection password wise. I was unable to do this but making sure people have stronger passwords that would be better stored in a database. 

6. Describe what you are most proud of about this project: 
I am most proud of maintaing the user information and my cart and email feature. I feel like my information flows nicely over the user interface and that it actually looks like a real store. 

7. Describe what you are least happy about: 
Minor bugs took a really long time to figure out, also the cookie-parser was incredibly hard for me to get working so I ended up implementing a different way to parse the cookies but it all ended up working out in the end!
